samples: nrf9160: http_update: Update mfw (#11056)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF9160 samples
---------------

* :ref:`http_full_modem_update_sample` sample:

  * Use modem firmwares 1.3.3 and 1.3.4

* :ref:`http_modem_delta_update_sample` sample:

>   * Use modem delta images for 1.3.4 to and from 1.3.4-FOTA-TEST

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The sample now uses modem firmware v1.3.4 to do a delta update.
```
Please confirm whether rephrased sentence is correct?
